Add GitHub workflow files template and README.md (#2)
Calinou/godot-addon-template: .github/README.md

### Environment Variables
In `release.yml`, you need to inspect the environment variable definitions and insert your own values for Godot Asset Lib and Itch.io, respectively.

### String Replacements
In both `main.yml` and `release.yml`, you need to replace, just with the rest of this template repository, replace all occurrences of `ADDON_NAME` with the name of your addon! Please make sure there are no spaces, and only alphanumeric values, dashes and underscores in this sting!.

### Secrets
#### PAT
Because we're committing back from the workflow to the repo, you need to provide a "Personal Access Token" or "PAT" to the workflow. This is a token that allows the workflow to commit back to the repo. You can create a PAT in your GitHub settings. [See the documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).
This PAT needs to have the `repo` scope.

Once you have created this PAT, you need to add it to the repository secrets as `PAT`.

#### Godot Asset Library
If you want to publish to the Godot Asset Library, you need to add the following secrets to your repository:

> * `ASSET_STORE_PASSWORD` - The password for your Godot Asset Library account

Reviewer: In the `release.yml` file, it is called `ASSET_LIB_PASSSWORD`

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

#### Itch.io
If you want to publish to Itch.io, you need to add the following secrets to your repository:

* `ITCHIO_SECRET` - This is the secret key for your Itch.io page. You can find it in your addon's settings on Itch.io.

> There are mor options to this. Please check out the respective action's documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are more options to this. Please check out the [respective action's documentation](https://github.com/KikimoraGames/itch-publish).
```

## How does it work?
### `main.yml`
This is the main workflow that runs on pull requests and pushes to the `main`, `master` or `develop` branches. It just does a shallow git checkout (the latest revision) and runs GUT tests.

### `release.yml`
This workflow is triggered on pushes to `main` or `master` branches. It does a full git checkout (all revisions).
It is self-recursive!

#### First Run
In the first run, it will run the `prerelease` job, which will determine if and how to bump the version.

> If there is a version bump determined, it will

Reviewer: It would be very helpful if there are examples on how to trigger a version bump as well.

Author: Great idea - will add this!

Author: Added

## Configuration
For the workflows to run, you need to configure some secrets in your repository settings as well as make some string replacements in the workflow files.

### Environment Variables
In `release.yml`, you need to inspect the environment variable definitions and insert your own values for Godot Asset Lib and Itch.io, respectively.

### String Replacements
In both `main.yml` and `release.yml`, you need to replace, just with the rest of this template repository, replace all occurrences of `ADDON_NAME` with the name of your addon! Please make sure there are no spaces, and only alphanumeric values, dashes and underscores in this sting!.

### Secrets
#### PAT
Because we're committing back from the workflow to the repo, you need to provide a "Personal Access Token" or "PAT" to the workflow. This is a token that allows the workflow to commit back to the repo. You can create a PAT in your GitHub settings. [See the documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).
This PAT needs to have the `repo` scope.

Once you have created this PAT, you need to add it to the repository secrets as `PAT`.

> ##### Why not use `GITHUB_TOKEN`?

Reviewer: Ah, I just read this here: https://dev.to/github/the-githubtoken-in-github-actions-how-it-works-change-permissions-customizations-3cgp
Would be great to specify that `GITHUB_TOKEN` doesn't need to be created since it is automatically done from GitHub

Author: Oh, thanks - TIL! Looks like I can actually get rid of the `PAT` and just use `GITHUB_TOKEN` instead. Will have a look at this.

Author: Fixed this
